Doc revamp and cleanup (#2806)
dfinity/motoko: doc/modules/language-guide/pages/pattern-matching.adoc

booleans:: The data type `Bool` can be regarded as two disjointed altenatives (`true` and `false`) and {proglang}'s built-in `if` construct will _eliminate_ the data and turn it into _control_ flow. `if` expressions are a form of pattern matching that abbreviates the general `switch` expression for the special case of boolean scrutinees.

variant patterns::
{proglang}'s variant types are a form of _disjoint union_ (sometimes also called a _sum type_). A value of variant type always has exactly one _discriminator_ and a payload which can vary from discriminator to discriminator. When matching a variant pattern with a variant value, the discriminators must be the same (in order to select the alternative) and if so, the payload gets exposed for further matching.

> enumerated types:: Other programming languages — for example C, but not {proglang} — often use a keyword `enum` to introduce enumerations. These are impoverished relatives of Motoko's variant types, as the alternatives are not allowed to carry any payload. Correspondingly, in those languages the `switch`-like statements lack the full power of pattern matching. {proglang} provides the short-hand syntax (as in `type Weekday = { #mon; #tue; ... }`) to define basic enumerations, for which no payloads are required.

Author: ```suggestion
enumerated types:: Other programming languages — for example C, but not {proglang} — often use a keyword `enum` to introduce enumerations. These are impoverished relatives of {proglang}'s variant types, as the alternatives are not allowed to carry any payload. Correspondingly, in those languages the `switch`-like statements lack the full power of pattern matching. {proglang} provides the short-hand syntax (as in `type Weekday = { #mon; #tue; ... }`) to define basic enumerations, for which no payloads are required.
```

error handling:: Error handling can be considered a use-case for pattern matching. When a function returns a value that has an alternative for success and one for failure (for example, an option value or a variant), pattern matching can be used to distinguish between the two as discussed in xref:errors{outfilesuffix}[Error handling].

> irrefutable matching:: Some types admit only a single value and we call these _singleton types_. Examples of these are the unit type (also known as an empty tuple) or tuples that only contain singleton types. Variants with a single tag and no payload (or singleton-typed payload) are singleton types too. Pattern` matching on singleton types is particularly straightforward, as it only has one possible outcome: a successful match.

Author: ```suggestion
irrefutable matching:: Some types contain just a single value. We call these _singleton types_. Examples of these are the unit type (also known as an empty tuple) or tuples of singleton types. Variants with a single tag and no (or singleton-typed) payload are singleton types too. Pattern matching on singleton types is particularly straightforward, as it only has one possible outcome: a successful match.
```
